Update README docs (#91)
DataDog/dd-sdk-unity: packages/Datadog.Unity/README.md

1. Install [External Dependency Manager for Unity (EDM4U)](https://github.com/googlesamples/unity-jar-resolver). This can be done using [Open UPM](https://openupm.com/packages/com.google.external-dependency-manager/).

2. Add the Datadog SDK Unity package from its Git URL at [https://github.com/DataDog/unity-package](https://github.com/DataDog/unity-package).  The package url is `https://github.com/DataDog/unity-package.git`.

> [!NOTE]

> > Datadog plans on adding support for Open UPM after Beta.

Reviewer: We don't document the future. Please delete this.

Author: This only commenting on where / how the plugin will distributed post beta, not really a feature. I would like to keep it as it is a common question we will get.

Reviewer: Okay. I still advise against it (it may lead to more questions, etc.), but as it's not in our official docs, you can keep it in if you really want to.

4. Configure your project to use [Gradle templates](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/gradle-templates.html), and enable both `Custom Main Template` and `Custom Gradle Properties Template`.

> 5. If you build and receive `Duplicate class` errors (common in Unity 2022.x) add the following block in the `dependencies` block in your `mainTemplate.gradle`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you build and receive `Duplicate class` errors (common in Unity 2022.x), add the following block in the `dependencies` block in your `mainTemplate.gradle`:
```

   }
   ```

## Additional Setup and Documentation

> For additional documentation on how to setup the Datadog SDK, refer to [Datadog official documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/setup/unity/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further instructions on how to set up the Datadog SDK, refer to the [RUM Unity Monitoring Setup documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/setup/unity/).
```
